Title: Nuvola 3.1.2

The milestone 3.1.2 was released on March 26, 2017 (123 commit since the 3.1.1 milestone).

# New Features

  * Nuvola Player was renamed to Nuvola Apps as non-media player apps (Google Calendar) were enabled
    and should be fully supported in the 4.0 release.
  * Nuvola Apps are distributed as [cross-distribution flatpak builds](https://nuvola.tiliado.eu/).
    There have been a lot of changes under the hood to support this transition.
  * The `nuvolaplayer3` and `nuvolaplayer3ctl` commands are deprecated in favor of `nuvola` and `nuvolactl`.
  * WebApp scripts provide own desktop files so the unnecessary create/delete desktop launchers actions
    were removed.

# Enhancements

  * Enhanced support of HTML5 Audio and Media Source Extension (MSE), which is currently enabled only
    in the BBC iPlayer script with a custom WebKitGTK+ build.
  * Album art is downloaded with WebKit's NetworkProcess to access images that are otherwise restricted.
    Issue: [tiliado/nuvolaplayer#76](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaplayer/issues/76)
  * Preferences dialog: Components tab was renamed to Features as it is more user-friendly.

# Under the Hood

  * Inter-process communication has been reworked for greater flexibility as required by the HTTP Remote Control
    feature.
  * Nuvola and individual apps are DBus-activatable.
  * The unique name has been changed to `eu.tiliado.Nuvola` and most of the resources (e.g. icons) use this name.
  * AppData/AppStream metadata have been updated.
  * The build script now honors the VAPIDIR env variable.
  * Added a script to set up Nuvola CDK environment (`setup_nuvolacdk.sh`).

# Bug Fixes

  * "Too many flash plugins" false positives. Resolve symlinks and track final paths not to count duplicates.
    Issue: [tiliado/nuvolaplayer#159](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaplayer/issues/159)
  * Repeated Runner: prefix in debugging output. Issue: [tiliado/nuvolaplayer#265](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaplayer/issues/265)
  * Disable LIBGL_DRI3_DISABLE workaround with WebKitGTK 2.14+ to fix performance issues.
    Issue: [tiliado/nuvolaplayer#260](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaplayer/issues/260)

# News for Script Maintainers

  * Documentation has been updated and Mantainer's Guide merged into the tutorial.
  * Format requirements flag were implemented but not yet documented.
  * Web app scripts are built with Nuvola SDK.
