Title: Nuvola 4.6

Nuvola 4.6  was released on July 29, 2017.

Note that Nuvola versioning has changed after Nuvola 3.1.3 and version 3.1.x became 4.x (3 + 1 = 4).

# Gallery

 Gallery 2cols
+[BBC iPlayer script by Andrew Stubbs.](images/4/releases/nuvola_4.6_bbc_iplayer.png|320)
+[An example of an error dialog for the start-up check.](images/4/releases/nuvola_4.6_startup_check.png|320)

# New Features

  * Start-up system checks run in parallel to decrease start-up time. In case of any problem, only a single dialog is
    shown instead of multiple error dialogs or info bars.
  * WebKitGTK+ was upgraded to 2.16.6 fixing many security vulnerabilities and rendering issue.
  * Media Source Extension (MSE) is enabled in WebKitGTK as well as in Nuvola itself. This applies only to the genuine
    flatpak builds of Nuvola. MSE is required by some web apps for Flash-free audio/video playback.
  * New web app: BBC iPlayer by Andrew Stubbs. Note that this script requires MSE and may not work with third-party
   builds of Nuvola. Issue: [tiliado/nuvolaruntime#321](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaruntime/issues/321)

# Bug fixes

  * Graphics.dri2_get_driver_name() now throws error instead of an uncaught critical warning if it cannot connect to
    X Server.  Issue: [tiliado/nuvolaruntime#359](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaruntime/issues/359)
  * Fixed typo in Nuvola.parseTimeUsec. Issue:
    [tiliado/nuvolaruntime#357](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaruntime/issues/357)
  * int64 is used for track position to avoid integer overflow. Issue:
    [tiliado/nuvolaruntime#358](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaruntime/issues/358)
    
# News for Script Maintainers

  * Developer sidebar can now change track rating.
  * Media player API documentation was updated with track rating.

# Under the Hood

  * New dependency: [unit.js](https://github.com/unitjs/unit.js/releases/tag/v2.0.0) 2.0.0 
   (installed as /usr/share/javascript/unitjs/unit.js) is used for JavaScript unit tests (included in the test service
   - web_apps/test subdirectory).
  * Added support for org.gnome.SettingsDaemon.MediaKeys D-Bus name.
    [Upstream ticket](https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=781326).
  * The content of format support dialog was moved to Preferences dialog and various toggles were removed.
  * The content of bindings, models and interfaces directories was merged into components directory. 

# Nuvola SDK 4.6.0

  * genmakefile: Add `-link` suffix to compat symlinks to workaround Debian not being able to replace a directory with
    a symlink. Issue: [tiliado/nuvolaruntime#362](https://github.com/tiliado/nuvolaruntime/issues/362)
  * dbus launcher: Rename Diorite to Drt.
  * Added version info - nuvolasdk.VERSION.
  * genmakefile: It is possible to specify required Nuvola SDK version.

# Diorite 4.6.0

  * Namespaces have been united: Drt for Diorite and Drtdb for Diorite DB.
  * Added utils to interact with GLib event loop (Drt.EventLoop).
  * Added workaround for extra Variant unref in ApiNotifications (Drt.ApiChannel.(un)subscribe).
  * Added methods to (un)subscribe for ApiNotifications.
  * Added CSS style classes for badges (Drt.Css.BADGE_*).
  * Added various utility functions (Drt.Time.get_unix_time_now_utc, Drt.String.concat, Drt.String.append,
    Drt.variant_dump, Drt.variant_ref, Drt.variant_unref).
  * ApplicationWindow.app field is now protected (private previously).
