Title: Nuvola 4.8

Nuvola 4.8 was released on September 29th, 2017.

Note that Nuvola versioning has changed after Nuvola 3.1.3 and version 3.1.x became 4.x (3 + 1 = 4).

# New Features

  * New script: **Pocket Casts** by Jiří Janoušek. Pocket Casts is the only podcatcher you’ll ever need. Listen to your
    favorite shows in one place, keep in sync progress across various devices, find great new content with curated
    featured podcasts, currently trending podcasts and much more. Now also with desktop integration provided by Nuvola.
  * Updated script: **Groove Music script 2.0** by Joel Cumberland works again in Nuvola after being ported to use
    Media Source Extension instead of Flash plugin.
  * Updated script: **Amazon Cloud Player script 5.5** by Andrew Stubbs integrates a track progress bar and volume
    controls.
  * Updated script: **Google Play Music script 6.0** by Jiří Janoušek uses new asynchronous API to improve
    responsiveness and reduce lags, but also drops support for Nuvola 4.7 and older.

# Discontinued Features

 * **Spotify script** is temporarily unsupported until Nuvola is ported to Chromium Embedded framework because Spotify
   dropped support for WebKit browsers (including Nuvola and Safari).
 * **Yandex Music** script is currently orphaned and needs a new maintainer. The script is still shipped with Nuvola 4.8
   but may be removed in the future unless somebody adopts it. If anyone is interested, please get in touch with me at
   [Nuvola Devel mailing list](https://groups.google.com/d/forum/nuvola-player-devel).

# News for Script Maintainers

  * Asynchronous variants of various JavaScript API calls were introduced deprecating original synchronous methods.
    The async methods return
    [a Promise object](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Using_promises),
    which is used to resolve the result of the async operation.
  * List of async methods: Notifications.isPersistenceSupportedAsync, Actions.isEnabledAsync, Actions.getStateAsync,
    Core.getComponentInfoAsync, Core.isComponentLoadedAsync, Core.isComponentActiveAsync,
    KeyValueStorage.setDefaultAsync, KeyValueStorage.hasKeyAsync, KeyValueStorage.getAsync and KeyValueStorage.setAsync.
  * New function: Nuvola.logException to log exceptions to terminal.
    JavaScript API reference now supports new annotations such as "Deprecated since", "Available since" and
    "asynchronous" function.

# Under the Hood

  * Nuvola uses new IPC API from Diorite 4.8 and replaced a lot of synchronous IPC calls between WebWorker and AppRunner
    processes with asynchronous variants. This should improve the performance of the WebKit WebProcess, reduce lags and
    prevent occasional deadlocks. However, scripts must use the newly-introduced async JavaScript API to reach the full
    potential. Google Play Music is the first one.

# Diorite 4.8.0

  * Various IPC classes were refactored and united into new API (Rpc prefix) and it is possible to respond to IPC
    messages asynchronously.
  * KeyValueStorage got async equivalents of non-void methods.
